# In this project, the following tasks have been successfully solved:
# 1. The quadratic equation is given in the format ax2 + bx + c = 0. The roots of the quadratic equation are calculated as x1,2 = (-b +- sqrt(b2 - 4ac)) / 2a. Write a function that takes parameters a, b, and c and returns the solutions to the quadratic equation. It is assumed that real roots of the quadratic equation exist. Example program execution: </br> >>> print(solveQuadraticEquation(-1, 5, 5)) </br>(-0.8541019662496847, 5.854101966249685)
# 2. Write a program that, given an array of numbers prints the minimum element of the array, prints the maximum element of the array, prints the sum of the values in the arrayand prints the average value of the elements in the array. Each of the specified requirements should be implemented as a separate function. Example program execution: </br> >>> arrayCharacteristics([1, 2, 3, 4, 5, -1, 6]) </br> Minimum element of the array is: -1 </br> Maximum element of the array is: 6 </br> Sum of the array elements is: 20 </br> Average of the array elements is: 2.857142857142857
# 3. Write a function that reads usernames and passwords from a file and returns the read values as a list. When calling the function, the filename and delimiter by which the username is separated from the password in the file are passed as arguments. The list returned by the function should have the first element as the username and the second element as the password. Example program execution: For the file users.txt </br> pera|peric </br> jova|jovic </br> steva|stevic </br> the result of calling the function should be: </br> >>> print(readFromFile("users.txt", "|")) </br> [['pera', 'peric'], ['jova', 'jovic'], ['steva', 'stevic']]
# 4. Write a function for user registration. The function takes a username, password, the name of the file to which it is saved, and a delimiter by which the username and password will be separated. The username and password are saved in a file with the given name. This function returns the usernames and passwords of all registered users as specified in task 3. Example program execution: For the file users.txt </br> pera|peric </br> jova|jovic </br> steva|stevic </br> the result of calling the function should be: </br> >>> print(registerUser("marko", "markovic", "users.txt", "|")) </br> [['pera', 'peric'], ['jova', 'jovic'], ['steva', 'stevic'], ['marko', 'markovic']] </br> The file users.txt, after the program execution, should contain: </br> pera|peric </br> jova|jovic </br> steva|stevic </br> marko|markovic
